Fix broken links (#1051)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.8/enterprise/get-started/tutorials/build-basic-cordapp/basic-cordapp-state.md

### Implement the state

> The next line of code you add defines the type of <a href="../../../../../4.10/community/api-states.html#contractstate-sub-interfaces">`ContractState`</a> you implement with the `AppleStamp` class. Add this line to ensure that Corda recognizes the `AppleStamp` as a state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next line of code you add defines the type of <a href="../../../cordapps/api-states.html#contractstate-sub-interfaces">`ContractState`</a> you implement with the `AppleStamp` class. Add this line to ensure that Corda recognizes the `AppleStamp` as a state.
```
